capital = 11

oob = "LIT_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "LIT_1936_air_bba"
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "LIT_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = LIT_antanas_smetona
recruit_character = LIT_antanas_snieckus
recruit_character = LIT_kazys_grinius
recruit_character = LIT_augustinas_voldemaras
recruit_character = LIT_kazys_skuchas
recruit_character = LIT_petras_schatz
recruit_character = LIT_feliksas_baltusis
recruit_character = LIT_vincentas_latozaite
recruit_character = LIT_albinas_cepas
recruit_character = LIT_adolfas_ramanauskas
recruit_character = LIT_juozas_ambrazevicius
recruit_character = LIT_jonas_cernius
recruit_character = LIT_vladas_karvelis
recruit_character = LIT_antanas_gustaitis
recruit_character = LIT_antanas_kaskelis
recruit_character = LIT_juoza_barzda_bradauskas
recruit_character = LIT_leonas_bistras
recruit_character = LIT_vladas_jurgutis
recruit_character = LIT_mykolas_slezevicius
recruit_character = LIT_zigmas_angarietis
recruit_character = LIT_karl_gero

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1
}

set_convoys = 10

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1932.5.8"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 51
	fascism = 20
	communism = 16
	neutrality = 13
}
